[music] Tell me. Hey. Hey. Hey. [music] Hi everybody. Today is Wednesday, June 3rd. This is Daniel Bush with POV Pool. In every sport, at every level, a competitor who's looking to improve his or her skill should look at mental focus. Uh, does the mental focus separate the shortstop from the professional pool player? When a competitor has all the fundamentals, knowledge, and skill, what will separate him or her from being a top level player? The mental game of pool is not something that people focus on a lot, but in truth, they should. Today on POV Pool, we have one of the world's best competitors uh with us and top players in the game coming to us originally from the Netherlands, Neils, the Terminator Fen. Welcome, Neils. It's a pleasure to have you on the show today. Thank you, Daniel. Appreciate it. [snorts] Um Neils, you've won numer numerous championships, accolades. You've had recognition for over 20 years now in the game of pool. Fourtime, is it four-time MVP for team Europe on the Musone Cup? I think. Yeah, correct. I'm getting a little old. [laughter] Well, we're all standing in the same line, I think. You know, [laughter] uh you uh are a two-time world champion. Um, you've gotten medal after medal on the Euro tour in uh in Europe and uh you know your resume just goes on and on. All that being said, you're probably one of the best qualified people in the world to discuss what it takes to be a professional pool player. So, let's talk about Terminator College. You just started started this up. Well, yeah. Like Daniel, like you say, I had the idea in the pool world for many years. I was looking around, of course, and I I've been a competitor for for more than 20 years, and uh what I always found fascinating about the sport is when you asked people how big the mental side of the game is, everybody would say, "Oh, it's 80%, it's 90%, it's so big." And I was looking around myself for years and I saw hardly anybody do anything with this train this right and it was even like it was it was almost like you were foolish if you were doing it or you uh or you were kind of like weak right that's the biggest thing nowadays if you if you're if you are talking about stuff mentally that are not working well then you show weakness and for guys that's a really big thing and [clears throat] and then I started realizing, you know what, I just think like people are [snorts] not aware of where to start with their mental game. They don't have the tools. They don't have any clue really what they should work on, how much they should work on it. And I got this idea so for a few years, but of course I I was always touring. I was on the road competing, so I didn't have much time to really work it out. And I didn't really know what to do with this. And then uh I went on holiday to Egypt in January and I was just I was just ready for it. It was amazing. I just had this thing come over me and I said, you know what? I want to do an online course. I think now is a great time with all the media possibilities, the online course platforms. And I think with with 20 to 25 years of experience [snorts] and working with professional uh sports psychologists, reading a ton of books, personal development classes, I said I have a lot of information that I can share with pool players to help them out and give them an arsenal to develop their mental skills. And that's how it really started. Mhm. How did you like when did kind of realize that this was a mental uh uh process? Because I know you know you you've been a professional for over 20 years now. Was it before that time you became a professional that you you you know you or have you know were overcoming the mental side of it or was this still a process that you've been going through in the past 20 years? Um, well, I was always interested in the mental side of the sport. I remember when I was about 19 years old. I was I just I I remember I think I had a couple of problems with my mental game early on and excuse me, I went to the library and looked up some some things about the mental side of the game and there was one book that was called um I think it was mental support for for athletes or something like this in English. And I read the book and it was I thought it was pretty interesting. That was just the first book I read about the mental side of of sport. And uh of course the older I got, the more I traveled, the more books I bought, the more things I worked with, got help with, the more arsenal I gathered myself. Um so yeah, it it just made me more complete in in experience, knowledge, and what I could share with with other pool players. Did you uh you know one one of the realizations for me when I was a pool player was I noticed it was an attention span. My attention to the table was uh was something that was weak and I had to work on that. So you know just simply looking at the you know contact points of the balls became difficult for me sometimes. and uh you know do you address stuff like that? Do you address things like anger? Yeah, I I I think the uh attention span nowadays is a very important thing because people they get more and more distracted during the day in general. That's just the way that our society works now with the with the cell phones and all the technology. And I think you have to make choices. If you are wanting to get much better at a at a sport that demands extremely high concentration, you have to work on your focus. And the more distractions you have, the less focus you have. That's just how it works. So if you can start cutting out some of your distractions, your focus will automatically improve. So that of course we're we're looking at focus and like you say, anger, right? That's a part of the uh that's a blocker. Sorry, it's a blocker. Anger anger is is a form of a part of tilt, right? It's uh anger, frustration, and that leads to bad play. And that's that's tilt. So, in mental match play, the third chapter, we go over a bunch of really cool examples. uh mistake tilt, opponent tilt, equipment tilt, entitlement tilt, where you feel like you should beat this guy every time and and boom, your focus goes down. So really cool stuff that I also have been uh experiencing over the years and that I've learned to work with. So there's there's a ton of stuff in there for all levels, right, from beginners to top professionals. Um so it's a really complete package. I've really dug deep and got the most out of it. It's 33 videos and slides, workbook, and then at the end, you get 30 minutes of Skype with me oneon-one to go over uh things that you could use some steering with yourself. Yeah. Well, that's great. Did Did you notice there was a void in the industry for this type of uh education? Yeah, I felt uh there's a ton of really really good instructional stuff out there on the table. So, we're talking like Darren Appleton's videos, the Billyard brothers with Fedor and Maxim and those boys, you know, they they pump out drills left and right. Torsson's doing a great job. So, there is plenty out there to work on your game, but there is zero out there to work on your mental game. And I thought like like I said, I was just astonished for years like there's nothing out there and it's and the mental side is so big. So what's going on here? You know, it's like I want to do this. I wanna I wanna I want to give a package to the players uh that they can work with. And uh yeah, I I I feel like right now was really the time. At first I thought I have to really hurry this up. But then when I was into the process of making it, I said, you know what? I think I can I can slow down a little bit because nobody's going to do this for a while, like this big of a course because it took so much effort to make this thing with all the videos, the workbooks, and it's still not done. I'm still working like on Japanese translations. I'm working together with Kamui now. really excited to bring out the whole uh website fully in Japanese for the market over there. That's going to be uh in the upcoming weeks. Oh wow. Okay. Because I know Yeah, because you have you have this already translated in Spanish, uh chi is it Chinese, Mandarin or which languages do you have this already? Yeah, it's uh the subtitles are in Spanish. Then we have German and we have Chinese. German and and Okay. And I'm working on Italian also. Oh, great. I'm working on Japanese right now. So, not I'm not sitting still, but [laughter] Well, good. Good. Uh, did So, it's it's a it's quite an extensive course. You you know, you just discussed that you got six sections, lots of videos, a workbook as well. Sounds like you know, you've you've been you've covered all the bases here and a Skype call. So, have you have you done any Skype calls yet? H how has that, you know, experience been for you doing the Skype meetings with students? Yeah, yesterday I had a Skype meeting with Mark Morris from the UK and it was it was really cool. He had uh some really nice questions and he actually came uh up with a form of tilt that I wasn't really aware of. He was explaining I think he doesn't mind if I tell this. He was explaining a situation where he was playing a player. Mhm. Who was really nagging about the roles. So when Mark was getting some rolls, he would really rub it in and he was getting frustrated by this. And then midway the match, you could see the rolls started to turn. So this opponent start getting rolls and now it was like he was getting quiet and Mark of course was thinking, "Oh, now you're happy." like you know so it's a form of tilt where you're frustrated about the guy's attitude and it's distracting you in your mind and I thought this was really fascinating so we spoke about that and I was I was helping him with that but it was kind of a new form of tilt and that's also in the workbook you can write down your own uh experiences that you that you go through so I thought that was really cool and we spoke about uh that he started meditating that was really working great for him he said, and also in the corona time now, he said the first weeks of being home, he was bouncing off the walls because he was just there in the house, right, in quarantine with his thoughts. And he said the course really forced him to kind of work on himself and and to start implementing some new techniques. And he said it was the one of the best things he's done because he's he's more relaxed and uh it's really helping him. So yeah, that's that's really positive uh feedback. It's great. Yeah. Uh you know, playing pool is is a is a very fascinating sport because I mean it's you know it is there is a a mental aspect to it that's really really important. It's paramount, you know. Um, but uh, one thing that I found interesting is that your opponent can also push you mentally off your path. You know what I'm saying? But also on the right path. Uh, in what sense? Give you you mean motivate you? Yeah. I mean, uh, if we talk about motivation, the ideal situation is that all your motivation comes from inside. It's intrinsic motivation, right? And uh that means that you're firing yourself up because of your goals. The goal setting free course that I have that goes uh talks about that. Yeah. But of course if you look at uh attitude a part of the course it's a great topic attitude. I love this section. It's like 16 minutes long and I go all over all kind of attitude facets. And one of the things is also opponents. the way you look at your opponents and instead of being afraid like oh god I got to play this guy right it's like if there's a great player you have to realize that that player is going to force you to focus you have to focus 100% right and he's going to push you to your highest level like when I was a youngster and I was playing effort or boosty I knew like these guys are going to pound me if I'm not on my game so it made me really focus hard right already an hour, two hours before the match, I would really get him ready for it. So like you shouldn't be dependent on your opponent to do this, but if you have a really strong guy facing you or lady, right, it can help you to bring out the best in your abilities. That's what I mean by that. Yeah. Well, that's great. uh you know I I can imagine people h how has the course uh been going so far since you launched the site the by the way the site again is uh terminator-col.com and uh it's the mental edge for competitive pool players and how to break your through your inner roadblocks and unlock unlock your true full pot and full potential. Um and when did you launch this? You launched this just less than two weeks ago, right? I think it's been three weeks now. Oh, three weeks. Was it the 12th? Good. Yeah, I think it was the 12th of uh May. Th Thursday, I think it was the 12th. Yes. Yeah. Uh yeah, things have been going great. I've had a lot of contact with people uh who were asking a lot of questions. We had some some really good sales, some really great feedback from all kinds of countries. There's been sales in from a lot of different country countries also Qatar, USA, Germany. Uh, a lot of variety. So, it's it's been really exciting. And like I said, I'm not sitting still. I'm keeping I keep thinking about how I can improve things and add things like the subtitles now. Uh so it's still work in progress in in the sense that it's it's going to grow and and expand and it's not just one static thing for the next 10 years. But still having said that the product is out there and that's the great thing, you know, there's like a big mental tool out there for for pool players that want to get better, right? And it's there for for the taking. So that if they want to get stronger in their minds, then you know it's there forever. So it's great. How about how about some of your students? Have they been uh peers of yours? Like you know, some of them you already know that you you know have potential. Uh yeah, we of course Fedor Fedor joined the course pretty fast. Fedor. Yeah, of course. I've known him of course since he was a kid. Yeah, extremely talented player. Well, you know, talent or skilled, that's also the debate, right? I I always refer to skill because that kid works really really hard. And uh talent is in my opinion very overrated because you see Joshua, Jason, Fedor, you can name all these. Oh, they got so much talent. But if you look at the quality hours that they pump into their training, it's it's not as much talent. They really work on their game, right? Okay. So, it's just what you put into it is what you get out of it. And that's they are really good examples. what was I saying? Um, oh yeah, and then we had uh also a lady player from Germany, Ena Coplan. She joined, really good player. We had another German player, Christov Ranches. I've had many battles with him in the German league. Really, really strong player. Also one of the best straight pool players in Germany. He joined up. Then we had uh from Qatar Muhammad uh I'm missing his last name, but I've played him in the China Open. I remember last 64. Okay. And we also had from Kuwait, uh, Ber B, what's his last name? You catching me off Carter B. [snorts] I played him last 64 in the world championships last year. Okay. Not the last edition, but the year before we played last 64. So very, very strong players. Like they played major tournaments like last 64, last 32. Well, that that has to feel good, you know. It has to be a good indication to you that um that the course that you're presenting is uh is on a solid foundation, right? Yeah, it's it's great. But I' I was pretty confident about that because the stuff I'm putting in there is for, like I said, for any level, but it's also stuff that I've worked with myself. So, it's not just, oh, here's a book, let's put this in and let's put this. I've been through the entire process of this course. the highs, but also the very very lows. I talk about open wounds, uh, shame and projection, things that people do not want to talk about. But when you're playing Moscone Cup and and things are not working for you, you want to crawl under the table. You want to get out of there. You're embarrassed, ashamed, uh, you're wounded, right? So, it's these things I also discuss from personal experience. And then of course the heist. When you win MVPs, world titles, you know, if you're if you're uh becoming a top pool player, you're going to experience everything, right? You're going to fall on your butt. You're going to stand on the top of the stage. It's all going to be there. It's not one not [clears throat] one easy ride to the top. But that's that makes it an adventure, right? And yeah. And that for me is actually the reason why I'm still playing because every time I get to that airport, not now, but every time I step foot on in the airport, I have no clue what's going to happen. I could I could win the whole thing or I could win maybe one match and go out, but I try to have a great trip anyway. And uh I just love that adventure about the game. So uh that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, like last week, I think um uh Kamui, one of your sponsors, they released a video with you, uh doing commentary describing the mental journey you had through a match with Dennis Oro at the Worldpool Masters in 2018. I must say it was pretty indepth analysis of uh what you as a professional goes through in a match. Has uh has going through postgame analysis always been a part of your game? Uh yes, postgame analysis. Yes, it has been some on some occasions not as thorough as it could have been because back then maybe I didn't have the tools. But if I'm uh if I'm serious about my game, uh the feedback loops that I have, excuse me, that I work in uh within the course, postmatch uh the postmatch stuff. That's great because what it does for you is you can just write down the steps like okay well how was my preparation my result uh my analysis and uh bring it back to the the next practice session for the next event right so you create this loop 10 15 minutes and you go you can go on with the rest of your day instead of sitting in that in that hotel room like this brooding oh what have I done idiot Right? And then you have actually a lousy day and you're actually really hurting yourself because it's a lot of negative talk. Uh and you could go into like a dip instead of realizing like, hey, what were the things that actually went really well? Hey, I was breaking really well. I was jumping really well. Yeah, I just missed that ball 77. That was pretty easy. But you know what I mean? So maybe you weren't even playing bad. you were playing really good, but you made one critical error, but that doesn't mean you're you're out of stroke or whatever. So, it gives you a lot of insight um analyzing your stuff more like an athlete and not like somebody who doesn't know what he's doing, right? You [snorts] have to be uh somewhat detached from your own performance in a in a way. Yeah, that's a good way to put it. And that helps you if you see that stuff in front of you, it helps you to be more objective to what actually went on instead of only emotional about what went on. Yeah. Yeah. So, of course, if you lose a match, you're not going to be happy. But it could very well be that you just played a good match and things just right, they got out of control. And that's that's also the nature of nineball. The most tournaments we play are nineball tournaments. There is just this 10 15 uh percent of luck variance in the game. Yeah. Yeah. Right. You can you can break great park the cube on the middle of the table and get kicked in the corner. Stuff like that. It just or the guy misses a ball and you're stuck behind things that are just out of your hands. So you have to keep playing the game the right way and the variance will eventually turn back to even the more tournaments and matches you play. Well, that's the reality of the game, isn't it? You're going to [snorts] have you're going to have those bad moments and and uh probably one of the toughest uh uh obstacles mentally is to not is to you know is the difficulty in letting those moments go and knowing being able to recognize those moments as something that's out of your control. You know, you can't you can't always control the outcome of how the ball breaks. You know what I mean? [laughter] No. And also for for mistakes, I remember uh the year I won the world title 2014. I was working really hard on my mental game and my tactical game all in the same year. And things were really coming together in during the the World Championships. And it wasn't because I was playing flawless, but it was it was because if I made an error, I was able my mental I was mentally so fit, I could put it aside immediately and bounce back twice as hard. If I made an error, boom, next rack, breaker, run out, right? I was like stepping it up instead of letting it affect me. And that's if you do a lot of mental positive work, that's the reward you're going to get. you get so strong with your awareness, how your own mental traps work, uh, and you can catch yourself much quicker uh, when you get mentally a little weak and you can adapt much faster. So, right now, what's I mean, we we're kind of in quarantine here in the United States. I don't know what the situ You're in Denmark right now, is that correct? Right. Right. Don't know what the situation is there. you know, you feel free to elaborate on that, but um what's taking up more time for you uh lately? Um are you is it uh are you are you practicing? Are you getting back into the game at all? Are you I know that you're you're working uh to compete on a on a small level, right, with uh some online tournaments, but uh is this course taking up a lot of your time? Have you had time for family? What's uh what's a typical day for you now? Well, when I came back from Vegas, uh like you said, we also went into quarantine, and that's over 10 weeks ago. Yeah. Um I had to do a lot of work with the kids. It was a lot of homeschool things going on. So, in the mornings, I was working with the oldest, Lena, and uh like for over two hours doing school work. Mhm. Then in the afternoons we would uh go on trips, you know, keep the kids involved, entertained. Uh we could still go outside because if you're stuck in the house that that wouldn't improve anything. We were still allowed to go into nature. So we did a lot of walks and things like that. And then gradually I had more time to work on the project, the course. I said, you know what? I'm really gonna hammer this project now because I have time. So, I want to put in at least two, three hours a day of filming, editing, working on the workbook, the quick learn guides, uh, computer stuff. So, I really started dedicating myself to that part. And that just meant that my pool game I just set aside for a moment because there was no light at the end of the tunnel for when we were going to compete. Yeah. So, I was really in good stroke when I was in Vegas. And so it was a downer that I had to go home. Yeah. You had to you had to actually drop out of the world uh the world predator event, didn't you? I chose to leave the um the first event, the uh Predator. I mean, they canled it anyway, but you you left early anyways, didn't you? No, they canceled the second event. Okay. And I left I left the first event because Right. the news went so quick and things escalated. so fast that uh my airline company wrote out a u news message that they were not going to fly out of the USA during the lockdown the the announced lockdown from Trump and that kind of went into a process of like okay what's what's really happening here and we were talking with the federation I was talking with uh my dad who called me in the middle of the night and he doesn't call me for no uh like major decisions in my life. I've dealt with him like selling my house, things like that. So when he called me up, I was like this this is really serious stuff. I have to make a decision here. And we spoke with various people for two, three hours in the middle of the night till 3:00 in the morning. And I decided like uh I could get stuck here for a couple of months and I have I have young kids back home and and my wife and I said I'm I'm I'm not taking a chance. I'm going back home. Yeah. And things escalated in Vegas and they uh they canled event number two which I thought was a good move personally. But here in Denmark actually things have been opening up more and more. They were really fast with locking things down. So they had things under control pretty quick. And the positive thing about Denmark is that pretty much all the countryside is very spread out. So you have Copenhagen with over a million people. That's where a lot of corona cases were. But then the rest of the country have like villages and small towns. So the infection rate wasn't that critical and it was under control quick. So the schools have been open now for four weeks. Great. And uh yeah, people have been allowed to gather up now with over 10 20 people. Okay. So, so I've been cycling with the local club with with over 10 people. Stuff like that, you know. It's still you can have some social activities. Yeah. And the Yeah, the game uh I've been competing in the uh the WSA arena, the online event they've been holding. I'm I'm trying to get back a stroke through that because I got to play the 15 ball ghost with which is brutal. So, uh Well, where where you where are you ranking right now within that competition? I I won my first two matches and then I lost the third uh and I've played my fourth match this morning. So, that was in the last 25 of the loser side, I think. Right. And I'm still waiting if that was good enough. I ran six racks out of 15, which which is decent. Um, playing 15 ball. Playing 15. If I'm running six, seven, or eight racks, I'm happy. I mean, yeah, [laughter] it's tough. It's super tough because if you break and you get clusters and sometimes you can't even open them up after the break, so Right. It's hard. So, but that's good. Uh, it's good [laughter] to get the competitive juices out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you're not you're not beating the ghost, but six out of 15 is it's pretty amazing. That's amazing. Yeah. I wonder because they said somewhere that Jason uh Jason Shaw has the hot seat. I don't really know how that works, but he must have he must have won a tournament with the 15 ball ghost or something. I'm I'm not sure. Wow. Wow. That that's got to be really different though. uh or or maybe not Neil Neils the mental aspect of your game when you're just playing the ghost versus playing a real life opponent. What's is there a comparison there? Have you been noticing it? Oh yeah. I've I've been struggling with those uh things. I get really confronted with my focus also because I haven't been playing that much. So my my daydream moments are way more intense. And of course, you're not playing in a in a a tournament setup where there's tourn tables here, tables there, and you have that tournament vibe. You're just uh in your own comfort room, right? There's no there's no crowd to feed off of either. No. No. So, the the the vibe is a little bit different. So, you really have to prepare well. I know match three I had to do some computer work in the morning and I it was taking up some time and then I had to do the challenge because I ran into time problems and my focus was just not there. I see. So this morning I said listen I want to get a good session in. I'm going to go meditate in the morning uh get ready and then um I want to do my inning and it my focus was much better. So is there any is there visualization that you go through too? uh I have done uh many visualizations. Yeah, that's part of the course. I uh there's a great uh great book which I'm not going to tell but that uh I deal with a lot of great uh exercises from that and I know Phil Jackson from the Chicago Bulls [snorts] which is nice now with the last dance documentary. He has lo he has used uh stuff from that book to work with the Chicago Bulls players. Mhm. Very powerful uh visualization tools, the bottles exercise. U check out the course. [laughter] Okay. Yeah, definitely. Uh once again, that's the um uh that is the uh terminator-col.com. Uh I really like your I love that image of you sitting on the eightball uh uh on the water there. What? What beach is that? It's not me. [laughter] Oh, that's not you. Okay, that's funny. We spoiled it. No, my um And those aren't And those aren't real balls in the water either. No, no, my step my stepdad. It's at least the husband of my the second husband of my mother stepdad. Okay. Uh he is a graphical designer and he uh he um put the balls in there. I saw the stones and I had this idea. I said, "Man, if we make pool balls out of those stones, this is like a great picture for the for the for the front of the course." So, it's always um it's a the creative process of uh of enterprise like this is is is always exciting, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah, it is good. You have to find pictures. You have to you have to learn how to videotape yourself. You have to work on the lighting, on the sound, on slideshows, all this kind of stuff. The the software for the online platform, etc., etc. So, it's a big learning big learning curve for you. Not just that's not just the mental part, that's just uh you know Yeah. All technical knowledge. Yeah. It's very exciting. Yeah. uh but also frustrating because uh sometimes you just don't know how things work in the software and you have to send a mail to the support desk, you have to wait a few days, you have to dig on YouTube like how does this work, you know? Uh tell me about it. Yeah, it's it's amazing. It's like Well, if you take if you take YouTube for example, they change their platform like every couple of months. You're like, "Yeah, wait a minute. I was just doing it the certain way for for the last couple of months. Now I got to change my whole procedure." You know, that's Yeah. The same for Facebook actually because the Facebook too. Yeah. The Facebook live now with the with the whole new live producer and then the camera doesn't work on this uh on this thing. You have to go back to the old thing. So, it's all these technical right details and I'm I'm investing now in getting new camera set up for the for the table here at home because the quality is really low. So, I bought new camera, bought new wifi, bought new uh routers. So, I got to get all that stuff uh up and running in the next week and then the quality is going to be much better. Well, that's great. Um, and speaking of which, for the uh for the viewer out there who wants to follow you, who wants to watch you uh streaming from your home studio or uh any of the uh events that you're competing in that are online? Uh is there any way that we can follow you besides uh just Facebook or is there a YouTube channel? There's no YouTube channel uh as yet but uh I might start implementing that uh depending on what's going to work better. I think I will start with Facebook live in the beginning but YouTube's also a good way to to link the both both of those platforms together. Okay. But I think what I'm what I want to support and bring more forward is that people nowadays, they're really addicted to the highlights. They want to see that that one run out of a drill, but that's not really the reality of the world. [laughter] And it's not really the reality of how a professional gets to the level of running out that drill. Yeah. What's also interesting is that he has to put in the hours of deliberate practice before he he can run that rack. So I'm what I want to do is just show uh the training session and not one great shot that I made in the training session because I feel it's not a thing. It's great. It's entertaining, but it's it's also something that's a little bit uh taking away from reality and people I I feel it's a little bit dangerous because people nowadays think that everybody everything should go easy and fast and that's just not how it is. You have to put the time in. Kind of reminds me of that um that Chris Meling run out from the world MA. Yeah. against Ma where like every shot was like incredibly difficult and lucky as well if you think about it. I mean he he he's an amazing player, don't get me wrong. But for him to be able to do that again. [laughter] Yeah. Like very difficult, you know. Yeah. Super entertaining. But Oh, super entertaining. But people could have the impression now when they see Chris jack up for a mass like why didn't he make it? Yes. Yes. I've said I've said that in commentary um that um we as viewers sometimes we put too much pressure on these players because we expect so much you know. Yeah. And um I even I even get comments on my YouTube channel when I have champions playing that uh are not very becoming of the players. You know, they say, "Oh, these guys are terrible or whatever." You don't you don't know. You know, you obviously don't watch matches in their entirety because that's just the way pool is sometimes, right? Yeah. You have to realize that people also have to climb into a match sometimes and they have to grow into a match. It's true. And uh the danger nowadays is oh he's not he's not running out right five racks right out of the gate. Zap next match. Right. Exactly. That's you know when we were buying the Acustat VHS that period we were watching one video 10 times. Yeah. And you could watch it and you could watch it from an an offensive angle, defensive angle, the one player struggling getting back in the game. You could, you know, you the position play, the tactical side. You could learn ton of things out of one match. But I I feel the danger now sometimes is the entertainment factor because there's so much out there. It's like next next and you have to Yeah. You have to understand that that's not really how these players become great players. They also struggle, right? Yeah. So, well, thank you for your time today. I I I do have one more question. Uh, you know, for those who don't know you, you are a competitive player. uh you you've you know like I said you know your resume is is is extensive in professional pool. What about action matches? I I know I've never really heard of you to get into a $10,000 head-to-head match or a some type of a gambling scenario. Did you walk away from that? Uh was that a decision you made? A conscious decision? I was early 20s. I was gambling a lot when I when I was touring the US. You know, I I think I visited almost half the states in the country uh between my 20th and 23rd. Okay. And then I chose to become a uh and the professional side of the sport is more the tournament scene. You can get sponsors through the tournament scene. You can get invitations to bigger tournaments, invitational tournaments, etc. So uh if you want to play the sport in that sense as an athlete you have to go tournaments but uh I do miss the action because it gives you an opportunity to play your aame longer or play the game longer. What I sometimes don't like about tournaments is you play one match a day and you have to go back to the hotel room. So you're like you finally feel you warmed up and the match is over. And we all started playing pool to play pool and not to play one match a day, right? We want to play. So that's what I do miss. Uh yeah, I I do miss the longer sets, but uh I have a young family and it's sometimes just hard to combine because if you have a big match, you have to fly in, jet lag, uh acclam, what do you say? Acclimate. Yeah, acclimate. So it's like boom, another week and I'm already gone uh five months out of the year, six months out of the year with tournaments. I see. I see. So at the moment it's a little bit tougher. Um I mean I I sorry to interrupt you but I I have to say I mean I'm I'm sure that you've been approached right someone says hey I'll back you in a match you know you haven't got but you've declined. Is that correct? No there was only one or two uh times where it came close. Uh, we were Yeah, I don't know if you should say it's it's no big deal. We were I was You don't need names. You just No, I was almost going to play uh one or two Americans, [snorts] but then at the end it had to be in their room. And uh the backer that uh um that I spoke with, he said, "Yeah, I don't really want to go there." And so it kind of fell apart because I was almost going to fly in and play that match. Wow. It was getting really close. So, yeah, potentially in the future I still uh I wouldn't mind playing a few games because I I I do enjoy it. Yeah. But, uh as of now, it's it's a little bit tough to combine. I would imagine too that uh you know, from the perspective of your your course as well that it's a different side of the mental game, right? Because the difference between being in a tournament and between between being in an action match uh you know there are many aspects of that g that competition that are so different you know like playing much longer sessions um having to deal with your opponent on a long-term basis. Yeah, true. It's the opponent comes more into play, right? uh you're not only playing the game then because uh you have to start thinking about his strength strengths or weaknesses on push outs stuff like that and uh stamina is a big thing fatigue right uh equipment uh is maybe different pressure but I think uh I heard Alex Balion say this once in an interview with a bunch of players we were all there in Philippines and I agreed on this he that uh the action matches complement the tournament player and the tournament matches complement the action player. You both pick up things that you can put in the other side of the spectrum. Yeah. Like a tool like a tool bag like a tool like for uh tournament players are used to finishing the matches more where an action player [snorts] if he loses the set he's just all right let's flip it again. Flip the coin. Yeah. So, the pressure of finishing is different unless it's really a huge set. So, for an action player, you see a lot that they're used to the freewheeling, fast, boom, loose, and they have a harder time with with the grinding part of the tournament. And the tournament player is used to more percentage play and he has a harder time maybe to let let go to to just to just rip it, right? to actually save energy by letting his whole game just explode because he has plenty of time to adjust. So it I think that is an interesting uh psychological factor like both both sides can complement each other. Yeah, that's a very good that's good insight from Alex Pagalion. Um well great nails, I really appreciate your time with us. Um uh you also have uh you know I just want to tell the viewers out there I want to recommend that they go to uh your website and uh and and and and look at the course. You also have a free uh a free part of the course as well like masterful uh isn't there a masterful goal setting? Yeah. Now that's that's the a free course that they can take right now. Is that correct? Correct. the the master for goal setting is uh six videos. It's six steps of how to make a goal setting schedule for yourself. Very powerful stuff and I I wanted to give that as a freebie to all the pool players and also to try my skills in that department, the production side and see how things were working. I was I was very satisfied. And then I took it a step further with the full course and that's of course a totally different level. and uh you get this the 30 minute Skype oneonone. There's there's way more extra content, 33 videos. So uh it's very complete and of course from 25 years of experience. So uh that's that's the next step. Yeah. Well, great. So from every skill level, please check out the free masterful goal setting for competitive players curriculum. And when you're ready to take your mental game to the next level, enroll in the mental edge for competitive pool players. Go to terminator-col.com. I'm speaking with Neil's uh Fen, the uh uh the uh the brains and the broad behind the idea. [laughter] Um and I want to thank you for being a guest on POV pool, Neils. Um is there anything anything that you can leave us with? No, I just want to say uh you know it's different parts of the world it's it's different emotions right now. Uh some people very frustrated and sad maybe family has been hit by the corona. Some people are getting very edgy they can't play. I think we all try and be patient and you know stay safe and if you can I just really advise you to go outside. I also see a lot of people they're getting slightly depressed because they're staying indoors so much and it's just gonna it's just going to drive you crazy. Just go outside, enjoy the springtime. Yeah. Get air, get light, maybe, you know, start working out. Yeah. Uh to also blow off some steam, right? Some frustration and getting locked up. Start start running, start biking. I think that's walking. I think that's that's very positive things for your uh well-being. So, especially especially pool players who can't play pool because, you know, like my friend Chris Schwart, he owns California Billiards. He said, you know, we're pool players. We just want to get out there and and about the equipment and, you know, like, you know, talk about talk about the matches that we could have won or, you know, whatever. We just want to get out there and and and and talk, you know, like we're pool players and that's how we are. It's like lock caged up uh tigers, right? I know. It's it's uh it's frustrating for me, too. This was a difficult uh you know, I've shared this before on my podcast. You know, I've I had a difficult uh process of acceptance of this whole situation. Yeah. So, um uh so I think I'm you know, I hope I'm overcoming it. But uh once again, Neils, thank you so much for spending time with us. Uh uh also uh Neils has a Facebook page, Neils Fen official on Facebook. And u you know, once again, Neil Terminator F official. What's that? Neil's the Terminator F. Oh, okay. Neil's Neil's the Terminator Fine. Because there's another Oh, yeah. That Yes, that's true. The title of your of your Facebook. That's true. Neil's the Terminator Fine. And um and once again that is um uh terminator-col.com for uh the uh for the Terminator College course. So thanks a lot again, Neils. Thank you guys. All right. Thanks, Daniel. You're welcome. Thank you.